in the program
everything rolls
The lie
the next round
the staff
the people killed
people were killed
why today
the equipped people
income in his role
new models
vande lanotte
not bad for a good
only you have to go and get it
it is the sign that the weather is sweet of citou of the normans
passage it turns out that it's good
assad
it's delirium
must go
it's really difficult
on the back
athletically
but like
the communities
we get to form a block
no no no
why complain
only flocks of sheep
in Monaco the world for the moment
go to a school of the un
washington for ic action
what I could
why not a day to lose
necessary
so I really had to show myself in what this framework
the most symbol
Why
- the group a of the league of the humans right
the burqa in public places
that's my goal